test: create tests for datasets backpages (#4080) (#4089)
DataBiosphere/data-browser: explorer/e2e/testReadme.md

    - Runs from "Datasets" to "Activities", "Activities" to "Datasets", "Datasets" to "Files", "Datasets" to "Donors", "Datasets" to "BioSamples"
    - `anvil-tabs-buttons.spec.ts`
  - All tests rely on correct lists of tabs, columns, and filters in `anvil-tabs.ts`

> - Backpages (`anvil-backpages.spec.ts`)

Reviewer: Thank you for updating this!

  - Test the export process on the "Datasets" tab
    - Select the first dataset that does not have access control enabled and go to the export tab on its backpage. Select a one filter checkbox for each category then select the "Export to Terra" button
    - Check that buttons, text, and loading text appears as expected, and that a new tab appears when the "Export to Terra" button is pressed
    - Relevant text constants are stored in `anvil-tabs.ts`
    - Currently disabled as the export button is disabled
  - Test that access control works properly on the "Datasets" tab

>     - Select a non access controlled tab and check that text associataed with access being granted is present, then repeat for an access controleld tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Select a non-access-controlled tab and check that text associated with access being granted is present, then repeat for an access-controlled tab
```

    - Relevant text constants are stored in `anvil-tabs.ts`
    - Currently disabled as the export button is disabled

>   - Test that data in the sidebar of the "Datasets" tab is the same as the text displayed in the main tab le

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Test that data in the sidebar of the "Datasets" tab is the same as the text displayed in the main table
```

Author: Whoops... will fix these!

- Sign in (probably smoke test / existence only for ease)
- "Contact Us" form
- Edit columns Button (already on AnVIL-Catalog)

> - Datasets backpages

Reviewer: 👍
